Sister-in-law, what are you talking about?
You, in fact, human ginseng is also ginseng
Is it just you?
Not just messy roots
And the surface is dark black
Getting closer to the smell still has some meaning
Apparently your ginseng has gone bad
So a few million dollars is a couple hundred dollars.
I had to expect you to deceive him with this kind of thing
What nonsense
This is my flower
I bought it at a high price.
That's easy to handle.
You won't know if you take it for identification.
Why don't you dare?
All right.
know
As for your gift, I will accept it.
No need to identify
Grandma believes you
That is that is
Oh, right.
Ye Wushuang
Didn't you say that your traditional Chinese medicine takes effect in 5 minutes?
It's 5 minutes now
Yeah, grandma, I almost forgot about it
After this shit loyalty and drug love
Does it work?